[13.0] [ADD] stock_picking_product_barcode_report_secondary_unit: Extend stock_picking_product_barcode_report for take care about secondary units (#301)
OCA/stock-logistics-barcode: stock_picking_product_barcode_report_secondary_unit/README.rst

   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstock--logistics--barcode-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-barcode/tree/13.0/stock_picking_product_barcode_report_secondary_unit
    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-barcode
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-barcode-13-0/stock-logistics-barcode-13-0-stock_picking_product_barcode_report_secondary_unit
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/150/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

> This module extend the functionality of stock_picking_product_barcode_report to set by
> default the maximum qty of labels depending of the secondary unit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module extends the functionality of stock_picking_product_barcode_report to set by
default the maximum qty of labels depending on the secondary unit.
```

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

> #. Active on 'Settings > Inventory' the option Units of Measure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to *Inventory > Settings*.
#. Activate the option "Units of Measure".
```
